website/docs: clarify `2025.4` breaking Reputation changes (#14284)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/releases/2025/v2025.4.md

## Breaking changes

> - **Reputation score limit**: The defaults for the new upper and lower limits on Reputation score are `-5` and `5`. This might break custom policies that rely on the reputation scores decreasing or increasing beyond these limits. You can set your custom limits under **System > Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reputation score limit**: The default values for the new upper and lower limits on Reputation score are `-5` and `5`. This might break custom policies that rely on the reputation scores decreasing or increasing beyond these limits. You can set your custom limits under **System > Settings**.
```
